Timestamp Announce limitation (#3708)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md

      -  0-100 ms: Chrome and TalkBack on Android may miss some of the activities
      -  The development team settled on using one second after some experimentation

### Technical Limitation

-  Activity Time Stamp Announcement : Related to [#3136](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/3136)

>    -  Problem definition : Even when user override the 'grouptimestap' props and set it to true or to some interval, AT still announce every activity with it's associated Time stamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Problem definition : Even when a user overrides the 'grouptimestamp' props and sets it to true or to some interval, AT still announces every activity with it's associated Time stamp.
```

>    -  Explanation of current behavior : Once activity is marked as sent it is written to DOM as well as it's Timestamp, only when the next activity arrive the timestamp grouping logic is executed. As mention earlier once a text is queued for narration and even if DOM element is removed it will still be announced by the screen reader as it is not technically possible to removed from the narration queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Explanation of current behavior : Once activity is marked as sent, it is written to DOM as well as it's Timestamp; the timestamp grouping logic is executed only when the next activity arrives. As mention earlier once a text is queued for narration and even if DOM element is removed it will still be announced by the screen reader as it is not technically possible to removed from the narration queue.
```
